README.md, before:

## Introduction
  Flame is RPG game engine written from scratch in Go.
  
  The main goal is to create simple, flexible, extensible and completely modular game engine. Engine provides build-in CLI frontend to easy run and debug modules. Engine does not come with any graphical interface, instead is designed to be used with external GUI's(e.g. [Mural](https://github.com/isangeles/mural)).
  
  The project idea is based on [Senlin](https://github.com/isangeles/senlin) game engine.

  Flame modules are available for download [here](http://flame.isangeles.pl/mods).
  
  Currently in a very early development stage.

## Build & Run
  Get sources from git:
```
  $ go get -u github.com/isangeles/flame
```
  Build Flame CLI:
```
  $ go build github.com/isangeles/flame/cmd
```
  Run CLI:
```
  $ ./cmd
```

## Configuration
Configuration values are loaded from '.flame' file in Flame executable directory.

### Configuration values
```
  lang:[language ID];
```
Description: specifies game language, language ID is name of directory with translation files in lang directories(e.g. 'data/lang' or 'data/modules/[mod]/lang').

```
  module:[module ID];[module path](optional);
```
Description: specifies module to load at start, module ID is ID specified in 'mod.conf' file inside main module directory, module path is optional and stands for module directory path, if not provided engine will search default modules path('data/modules').

```
  debug:[true/false];
```
Description: enables engine debug mode(shows debug messages in engine log), 'true' enables mode, everything else sets mode disabled.

## Flame CLI:
Flame comes with a simple textual interface that uses [Burn](https://github.com/Isangeles/flame/tree/master/cmd/burn) commands interpreter to execute commands.

### Commands:
Create module:
```
  $engineman -o new -t module -a [module name]
```
Description: creates new module with specified name in 'data/modules' directory. New module contains one chapter and start area.

Load module:
```
  $engineman -o load -t module -a [module name] [module path](optional)
```
Description: loads module with the specified name(module directory name) and with a specified path,
if no path provided, the engine will search default modules directory(data/modules).

Create new character:
```
  $newchar
```
Description: starts new character creation dialog.

Start new game:
```
  $newgame
```
Description: starts new game dialog.

Load game:
```
  $loadgame
```
Description: starts load game dialog.

Export game character:
```
  $charman -o export -t [character ID]
```
Description: exports game character with specified ID to XML file in
data/modules/[module]/characters directory.

Import exported characters:
```
  $importchars
```
Description: imports all characters from XML files in
data/modules/[module]/characters directory.

Save game:
```
  $engineman -o save -t game -a [save file name]
```
Description: saves current game to 'savegames/[module]' directory.

Add item:
```
  $charman -o add -t [character serial ID] -a item [item ID]
```
Description: adds item with specified ID to inventory of game character with specified serial ID.

Equip item:
```
  $charman -o equip -t [character serial ID] -a [slot ID] [item serial ID]
```
Description: equips item with specified ID for game character with specified serial ID.

Add effect:
```
  $charman -o add -t [character serial ID] -a effect [effect ID]
```
Description: puts effect with specified ID on game character with specified serial ID.

Spawn NPC:
```
  $moduleman -o add -t character -a [character ID] [scenario ID] [areaID] [posX](optional) [posY](optional)
```
Description: spawns new chapter NPC with specified ID in specified scenario area at given position(0, 0 if not specified).

## Contact
* Isangeles <<dev@isangeles.pl>>

## License
Copyright 2018-2019 Dariusz Sikora <<dev@isangeles.pl>>
 
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
MA 02110-1301, USA.

Commit message:

newmod command for CLI, retrieving area objects names from lang files

README.md, after:

## Introduction
  Flame is RPG game engine written from scratch in Go.
  
  The main goal is to create simple, flexible, extensible and completely modular game engine. Engine provides build-in CLI frontend to easy run and debug modules. Engine does not come with any graphical interface, instead is designed to be used with external GUI's(e.g. [Mural](https://github.com/isangeles/mural)).
  
  The project idea is based on [Senlin](https://github.com/isangeles/senlin) game engine.

  Flame modules are available for download [here](http://flame.isangeles.pl/mods).
  
  Currently in a very early development stage.

## Build & Run
  Get sources from git:
```
  $ go get -u github.com/isangeles/flame
```
  Build Flame CLI:
```
  $ go build github.com/isangeles/flame/cmd
```
  Run CLI:
```
  $ ./cmd
```

## Configuration
Configuration values are loaded from '.flame' file in Flame executable directory.

### Configuration values
```
  lang:[language ID];
```
Description: specifies game language, language ID is name of directory with translation files in lang directories(e.g. 'data/lang' or 'data/modules/[mod]/lang').

```
  module:[module ID];[module path](optional);
```
Description: specifies module to load at start, module ID is ID specified in 'mod.conf' file inside main module directory, module path is optional and stands for module directory path, if not provided engine will search default modules path('data/modules').

```
  debug:[true/false];
```
Description: enables engine debug mode(shows debug messages in engine log), 'true' enables mode, everything else sets mode disabled.

## Flame CLI:
Flame comes with a simple textual interface that uses [Burn](https://github.com/Isangeles/flame/tree/master/cmd/burn) commands interpreter to execute commands.

### Commands:
Create module:
```
  $newmod
```
Description: Starts new module creation dialog. New module will be created in 'data/modules' directory. New module contains one chapter and start area.

Load module:
```
  $engineman -o load -t module -a [module name] [module path](optional)
```
Description: loads module with the specified name(module directory name) and with a specified path,
if no path provided, the engine will search default modules directory(data/modules).

Create new character:
```
  $newchar
```
Description: starts new character creation dialog.

Start new game:
```
  $newgame
```
Description: starts new game dialog.

Load game:
```
  $loadgame
```
Description: starts load game dialog.

Export game character:
```
  $charman -o export -t [character ID]
```
Description: exports game character with specified ID to XML file in
data/modules/[module]/characters directory.

Import exported characters:
```
  $importchars
```
Description: imports all characters from XML files in
data/modules/[module]/characters directory.

Save game:
```
  $engineman -o save -t game -a [save file name]
```
Description: saves current game to 'savegames/[module]' directory.

Add item:
```
  $charman -o add -t [character serial ID] -a item [item ID]
```
Description: adds item with specified ID to inventory of game character with specified serial ID.

Equip item:
```
  $charman -o equip -t [character serial ID] -a [slot ID] [item serial ID]
```
Description: equips item with specified ID for game character with specified serial ID.

Add effect:
```
  $charman -o add -t [character serial ID] -a effect [effect ID]
```
Description: puts effect with specified ID on game character with specified serial ID.

Spawn NPC:
```
  $moduleman -o add -t character -a [character ID] [scenario ID] [areaID] [posX](optional) [posY](optional)
```
Description: spawns new chapter NPC with specified ID in specified scenario area at given position(0, 0 if not specified).

## Contact
* Isangeles <<dev@isangeles.pl>>

## License
Copyright 2018-2019 Dariusz Sikora <<dev@isangeles.pl>>
 
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
MA 02110-1301, USA.
